hey guys melody here for another IRL
video bad lighting and stuff so please
bear with me there it's low lighting in
here but I am playing this yes the new
DMC which so far it's really really fun
i love the combat which is of course
very important I have to say though I'm
not as crazy about the characters which
but I mean coming from a devil may cry
fan that's natural when you see these
characters that you love portrayed like
that but they're still cool and i can
appreciate them but they just like don't
even touch the originals um not that I
expected would be the same but things
like Virgil's Ken doll hair cut and yeah
he's that just kind of worried for me
it's still it's a great game and I'm
enjoying it so far so i'll probably do
some sort of review or impressions video
on my main channel on that so that will
be cool but she has something else that
i got this from origin pc today they
sent me a little goodie box with a
beanie this t-shirt and i also got a
tank top which is cool i love the origin
pc dudes in gals great awesome stuff
there so that's cool so yeah i just
wanted to make this really quick so i
need to get back to the game here soon
but yes i'm just playing this and wanted
to make this video for you guys and yeah
i need to do some sort of game plays so
i can put them on my gameplay channels
that would be cool just got to set up my
capture card which i've never really
used I've used to capture card around
360 one time it was like a not a very
good one so I've got a good one here I
just got to figure out how to use that
because I mainly plan pc so that will be
fun but anyway thank you guys for
watching please like comment subscribe
all that wonderful stuff and check out
my other channels I'll catch you guys
later peace out
you